c:\Users\Emin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\crvtsCalendar\UnitTestProject1\obj\Debug\UnitTestProject1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Emin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\crvtsCalendar\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\UnitTestProject1.dll.config
c:\Users\Emin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\crvtsCalendar\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\UnitTestProject1.dll
c:\Users\Emin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\crvtsCalendar\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\UnitTestProject1.pdb
c:\Users\Emin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\crvtsCalendar\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\crvtsCalendar.dll
c:\Users\Emin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\crvtsCalendar\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Emin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\crvtsCalendar\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\Emin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\crvtsCalendar\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Emin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\crvtsCalendar\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Emin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\crvtsCalendar\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\Emin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\crvtsCalendar\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\Emin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\crvtsCalendar\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Emin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\crvtsCalendar\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Emin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\crvtsCalendar\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\Emin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\crvtsCalendar\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\crvtsCalendar.pdb
c:\Users\Emin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\crvtsCalendar\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\Emin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\crvtsCalendar\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Emin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\crvtsCalendar\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Emin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\crvtsCalendar\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\Emin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\crvtsCalendar\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\Emin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\crvtsCalendar\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Emin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\crvtsCalendar\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Emin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\crvtsCalendar\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\Emin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\crvtsCalendar\UnitTestProject1\obj\Debug\UnitTestProject1.dll
c:\Users\Emin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\crvtsCalendar\UnitTestProject1\obj\Debug\UnitTestProject1.pdb
c:\Users\Emin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\crvtsCalendar\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Emin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\crvtsCalendar\UnitTestProject1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
